# Automatic-Interface-Testing-for-System-Call-Interception-Frameworks
The system call interface is the central mechanism for userspace programs to interact across their operating system enforce process isolation. System Call Interceptors interpose the interaction between the program and the operating system to inspect a program's behavior or modify the interaction. The SCONE Shielding Layer is an example of the latter.

SCONE enables the transparent execution of legacy software in Intel SGX enclaves. While SGX protects the program's memory content and execution from eavesdropping and malicious modifications, the interaction with the operating system, which is necessary for all non-trivial applications, would easily be observable and could further be used by an adversary to tamper with the program's execution rendering the SGX protection hollow. SCONE's Shielding Layer solves this issue by transparently protecting, for example through encryption, the program data before giving the system call to the operating system. To achieve its security guarantees, a correct implementation of the shielding layer is vital. Unfortunately, the processed system calls are too involved in number and structure for an exhaustive manual testing process.

The goal of this work is to create an automatic testing framework for system call interceptors. For this means, a model of the system call interface's calls, their arguments and responses has to be designed and implemented in Rust. The model should provide two basic functionalities. First, it should empower us to fuzz test the system call interceptor from the application, as well as, the kernel side by generating random, but well-structured system calls (requests) respectively system call responses. Moreover, allow us to ensure the integrity of any given system call request/response, e.g., that arguments have the expected data type or that given (array/buffer) size arguments are correct. The effectiveness of the approach shall be evaluated by comparing the responses of an intercepted system call interface to a not intercepted baseline using fuzz tests.
